Create Blog “2025/05/09/how-to-add-couchers-org-or-any-website-to-your-phone’s-home-screen-for-instant-access” (#5980)
Couchers-org/couchers: app/web/markdown/blog/2025/05/09/how-to-add-couchers-org-or-any-website-to-your-phone’s-home-screen-for-instant-access.md

---
title: How to Add Couchers.org (or Any Website!) to Your Phone’s Home Screen for
  Instant Access
slug: add-website-to-home-screen
description: Did you know you can turn any website into a quick-access icon on
  your phone’s home screen—just like an app? No downloads required! Whether you
  want faster access to Couchers.org or another favorite site, this simple trick
  keeps everything just one tap away.
date: 2025/05/09
author: ChrisK
share_image: /app/web/public/img/blog/20210825_talkingtown.png
---
# Your Couchsurfing Experience, Anytime, Anywhere! 🌍✨

> At Couchers.org, we're all about making connections effortless and fun—whether you're at home or on the go. That’s why we’ve ensured that **every feature** works seamlessly on mobile, giving you the flexibility to explore, host, and engage wherever you are!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At Couchers.org, we're all about making connections effortless and fun—whether you're at home or on the go. That’s why we’ve ensured that **every feature** works seamlessly on mobile, giving you the flexibility to explore, host, and connect with people wherever you are!
```

## 📲 Couchers.org at Your Fingertips

> No app? No problem! You can **add Couchers.org to your phone’s home screen** for instant access and push notifications in 4 simple steps—just like a native app! It’s super simple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We're still busy building the Couchers app for iOS and Android, but in the meantime you can **add Couchers.org to your phone’s home screen** for instant access and push notifications in 4 simple steps—just like an app! It’s super simple:
```

> **For Android Users** (Samsung Galaxy, Google Pixel, Nothing Phone, OnePlus, Xiaomi, etc.):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For Android Users** here are the instructions for the Chrome browser:
```

Author: I put the brand names in for SEO reasons, should we take them out?

Reviewer: In general I think it's good to include other brand names but in this context it doesn't add much even for SEO imo. I could be wrong!

Author: Shall we leave it as ***For Android Users*** without any additions?

> **For Android Users** here are the instructions for the Chrome browser:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**For Android Users:**
```

> 1️⃣ Open your browser (Chrome works best) and go to [Couchers.org](https://www.couchers.org/) or another site you love.\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1️⃣ Open your browser and go to [Couchers.org](https://www.couchers.org/).\
```

Author: Are you happy to keep it like this?

2️⃣ Tap the **menu icon** (three dots in the top-right corner).\
3️⃣ Select **"Add to Home Screen."**\
4️⃣ Give it a name and tap **"Add."**

> Boom—now you’ve got a shortcut that opens the site instantly, just like an app!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boom! Now you’ve got a shortcut that opens Couchers instantly, just like an app!
```

**For Apple iPhone Users:**

1️⃣ Open Safari and visit [Couchers.org](https://www.couchers.org/).\
2️⃣ Tap the **Share** button (the box with an arrow).\
3️⃣ Scroll down and select **"Add to Home Screen."**\
4️⃣ Name it and hit **"Add."**

Now, with a simple tap on your home screen, you’re right back where you need to be!

## ✨ Designed for Mobile, Built for You

Whether you're responding to messages, browsing hosts, joining discussions or events, everything that works on desktop works just as beautifully on mobile. We've optimized the experience so you can **explore new connections without any barriers**—no app required!

## 🚀 P.S. We’re Building a Mobile App!

> To make things even better, we’re working on **developing official Android and iOS apps**—and we need talented developers to help bring them to life! If you or someone you know has mobile development experience and would like to help build something amazing together, check out our **[Volunteer Page](https://couchers.org/volunteer)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Don't worry, we’re also **building an official app for Android and iOS***—and we need talented developers to help with this effort! If you or someone you know has experience developing mobile apps, and would like to help build something amazing together, check out our **[Volunteer Page](https://couchers.org/volunteer)**
```

> Stay connected, stay inspired, and keep surfing the world—wherever you go! 💙

Author: ```suggestion
Stay connected, stay inspired, and keep surfing the world—wherever you go! 💙

<a href="https://www.instagram.com/couchersorg/#" target="_blank"><img src="/img/blog/instagram_logo.svg" alt="IG" style="width:26px !important;" /></a> <a href="https://bsky.app/profile/couchers.bsky.social/" target="_blank"><img src="/img/blog/bluesky_logo.svg" alt="bsky" style="width:26px !important;" /></a>

*Written by `Chris`[](https://couchers.org/user/chrisk). Published on 2025/05/10*
```
